The Joe Rogan experience. Yeah.
Do you know when I was a teenager? I was, so I was very, you know, I was young.
I was drinking and I remember I was so anticline,
I'd read some book on the KU Klux Klan, and it was the preacher for the clan.
His name was in the book. So I called the information. Um,
I called the FBI and I tried to stop a Klan rally,
but I called this guy at home, this, this Klan preacher. And I started, uh,
you know, that's wrong, you're a racist, you know, it was 14. And,
and he told me like, oh, I left the Klan. I'm not in the cloud anymore.
And he actually talked to me for a few minutes. Wow. Yeah. But I was a,
before you could, you know,
I was just 14 and drunk and trying to make a difference. How cool.
Is that though? That he talked, he did talk.
To me. Yeah. And I'll never forget it. And I, my father,
I think knew I was drinking afterwards.
Cause he's like he heard some of the conversation,
but I think it started with me calling the FBI where the C I could you call the
FBI a few times back then you call the FBI. That's what I would do it. I drank,
yeah. It was a crazy person. I called the FBI.
I remember when I met you, like, we were probably early twenties. Right? Yup.
And I was like, why'd you quit drinking. And you're like,
why'd you quit doing drugs? And you're like, I had two.
Yeah. I called a bomb threat into my high school.
I remember I cleared the high school. I did that when I was,
I want to say I was 17 or 18. And we used to get drunk in my friend's house.
And there was a, there was a,
some number you could call for like help from nuns.
So I would have my friends sitting around and I would always call up and pretend
that like,
I would make up these horrible incest stories and terrible sexual things that
were happening to me.
And my friends would be laughing and the nuns would be trying to counsel me on
the phone. Oh Jesus. And then I called a bomb threat.
I did it a couple of times and it didn't work. And the third time I did it,
the final time I did it, uh,
they actually had people leave the school and go outside while they searched the
school.
Drunk bomb threats. Didn't TJ Miller to that recently.
It was something with him on a train, but it wasn't a thread. He,
I think he had something with a woman.
But didn't he call a bomb threat in.
I don't know if it was a threat or if he thought she only had one,
like I never got the full story.
That she really had one. I bet. I don't know.
I remember reading it and I don't remember what the conclusion was.
Really up. When you think somebody might have a bomb, like paranoia, like real,
like full-blown paranoid. Like I remember, um, you know, uh, Jim brewer,
of course it was a legendary pothead.
And one time he quit and he quit for quite a while. And I said, well,
why why'd you quit? He goes, dude. He goes, I started getting really paranoid,
like paranoid that people were listening to me.
And the people were following me and watching me, it was not healthy.
It was not good. And you know, I wonder about that.
Like when you perturb normal states of consciousness,
when you take like the normal way you are,
and you start changing a little bit with a little bit of booze,
a little bit of booze, a little bit of anxiety, a little bit of depression,
a little bit of bad things. A little bit of this,
a little bit that I'll take a little Xanax, take the edge off,
then I'll take a Valium so I can go to sleep. Then I'll take a, uh, an ambient,
if the volume doesn't work and you keep going and going and going and going,
you're, you're like, you know how,
like there's certain things you can do that can give you arthritis, right?
There's certain things that corrode your so certain things you can do that,
that make you Tylee, the more chemicals you insert in your body,
the more things you do,
the more you shift from like your comfortable baseline of who you are when
you're at your, your healthiest, you change, you become a different thing.
And I think pot is just as likely to do that as anything.
If you're doing it the wrong way, if you abuse it, I think alcohol can do it.
I think pot can do pills. Speed. I think all those things can surely do it,
but it's strange to see when someone starts to slip away and they start to
go towards, it's like very strange version of themselves that,
you know, they don't have control anymore.
Is that how you felt like when you were a kid?
I'm a very young age. It was a weird, but I was very addicted.
It was like sexual addiction first. That was the first one. I mean,
sexual addiction was.
You, you were drinking when you were 13.
You said? Yeah, but I mean, there was a child. I was sexually active as a kid,
like, I've said 10 sexual partners before fourth grade. What?
I've never told you that yell. Yeah. How, how was that possible?
I was blown all my friends. I was a, I couldn't stop.
How did that get started? You know, I don't remember the first one,
but I remember there's a picture.
I can date it because I there's a picture of me when I was a kid.
When I split my head open and I was, I remember I split my head, open,
running from the boy who was a year older than me and I used to blow him,
but I was scared of him. He was, uh, he was terrorized me, but I would, uh,
I remember him trying to me with lunch too, but I was, I couldn't do it.
Like I vaguely remember I was in the hallway. My pants were down.
His Dick always smelled like I moth balls because dude,
he wore Budweiser bathing trunks.
They had Budweiser on them and he wore a Budweiser bait, but it wasn't anything.
Trump.
Moth balls in his drawer, his dress he must have. But.
That smell is, is a visceral memory I have of that kid.
He's the kid that in my mouth. I,
I was at a public pool in Edison, New Jersey. This is how young I was.
I didn't know that. So I went and he, I was blowing them under water.
And then he goes, I popped up cause he in my mouth. So I popped up. I'm like,
don't do that anymore. Anyway,
I put my foot down and then went back and he did it again.
So I stopped blowing him at that moment. He my mouth twice. The pool.
Dude. That is hilarious. You're blowing them in the pool. Yeah.
I didn't think people could see the water. I was so young if I can't see them,
they can't see me
at the photo I had with the split on my head is 1973. So I was five.
So I know at that age I was already involved. So I have a,
an absolute photo that dates. Exactly.
So you were blown kids when you were five? Yeah.
So what do you think started that off?
No, it must've been, you know, just one kid, one kid opened the door,
the rest of us ran through it. I mean, I don't know.
I just don't know what started. I have very vague fleeting memories.
So at five years old you were all sexually active. You and your buddies.
And then.
He got a little older 6, 7, 8, like, you know, it was, uh,
I don't remember who was first. Who was second?
I remember when my one friend got erections and I didn't get him. Like,
I didn't know what they were. And then he was five.
He was getting reminded in 66. She might've, he might've been six or seven.
At six years.
Old. But I remember not knowing we used to count sucks. That's what it would do.
Like, all right, I'll give you 10 and you give me 10. So you would have one
and you would count. You develop.
Technique. Did you figure out like what's the best way to suck a Dick? I don't.
Know at that age, I don't think so.
Cause I think it was all about getting you to do me after.
I think that was kind of the goal. Right? Of course. But there was a lot of it,
man. And I have it again.
I can date it because I moved Halloween of fourth grade to north Brunswick.
So any experience that happened with in this place?
I know what happened before then.
Yeah. Wow. That's crazy. So do you think that this kid,
did you know that if this kid was molested?
Oh no. I mean, there had to be,
somebody had to be getting because there's no way all of us were that
sexually active for no reason. I just don't remember. I have too many memories,
like, uh, being in a basement and then not exactly remembering,
I have weird memories possibly with adults. Like it's kind of like watching, uh,
it fades in and out and I wish my memory was better, but.
No one's really is, you know,
that's the weird thing about memories when it comes to being, you know,
a young person, no, one's memories are very good. You have like flashes.
I have like some things that I definitely remember. Cause they're like facts.
Like when I was seven, we drove across the country. You know, I remember those.
I remember we got in an accident on Lombard street in San Francisco, you know,
that's like the crooked street in the world. Right.
I remember that because I remember someone tried to pass us and I remember it
scratched the car. I remember that. But like there's little tiny things.
Like sometimes I'll talk to my sister or I'll talk to my mom. She was like,
do you remember that thing? And then all sudden it's like,
I open up a folder like, oh yeah, I remember that guy. Whatever happened to him,
you know, like that guy didn't exist in my brain until a couple of sex. Right.
And then I'm like, oh, look at this old folder,
let's open up my old memory of that fella. You know.
Sometimes those are scary though.
And like I'm a know I many times drive back to that area cause it's in Edison
and I'll drive back when I'm doing the stress factory or a gig. And I'll just,
I'll drive through that neighborhood number. Like what the happened here?
Something happened here and it might not just be one moment,
but something happened here that kind of shifted me because I don't know exactly
what it is. And Dr. Drew told me I was molested. I mean, maybe he's right.
I don't know.
At the very least you were sexually involved with someone else who might've been
molested.
The odds are, it had to be.
One of them. That was another thing that came up.
This article that I was saying that the origins of homosexuality that's one of
the things they were saying that I was homophobic because the origins of
sexuality, homosexuality is them people being molested when they're younger.
That's not what I said. And let me explain that to people. If you're gay,
if you read that you feel bad,
that can happen to people who would not be inclined. Homosexuality.
If they're molested, when they're younger. Dr. Chris, Ryan,
the guy who wrote sex at Dawn was explaining it to me is that there's a, um,
you, you pack like what is the term? Um, not necessarily.
Pattering imprinting that when you're sexually active,
like if someone's sexual with you,
when you're young and that person happens to be a man,
you can imprint and you can develop sexual feelings in
response to that. Like you get your, your brain triggers,
sexual feelings towards men where you might not be inclined.
So like, even if you're not actually homosexual,
you're still turned on by men in a certain way, because you were molested.
It's one of the reasons why they say,
but they don't really know why people who get molested,
wind up molesting people, but it's really common. It's like, you know,
somebody described it best. Like it's almost like a vampire bites,
you and this thing, like you're passing it onto the next person, this,
this creepy thing. But that, you know,
that this is another thing where people took out of context saying that,
you know, um, homophobic.
Well, for me, it was all kids in my age group that I remember,
I have vague adult memories,
but not anything concrete that I can say was sexually like you, I mean,
like it just kind of,
it's like a smoke that comes by and it leaves and that's kind of how those
memories are. But with the, with the kids, they were all kids in my age,
within a year or two of each other. So it wasn't like,
I that's why I don't like being a victim. So I feel like, you know,
I volunteered, man. I showed up,
there was a lot of times I wanted to play the game.
Well, you were five, you know? I mean, I have so few memories when I was five.
I mean, I bet you probably don't know why you are doing or what,
what happened before that, that started it and caused it.
I bet the person who you're doing it with, they'll make, you know,
when people get molested, when they were really young,
one of the big issues is they block it out. They don't remember a thing. They,
they, their brain protects them from all the.
Yeah, I think so. And I've heard that enough. So I'm almost like,
I always try to find something to explain, but maybe it wasn't that bad.
Maybe it was just me and my friends and then it just kind of developed into
something that was fun and it felt good. I mean, again, I can't,
I can't say there was any ominous force behind that. I just don't.
But it's weird because it's like, most kids don't blow their friends.
By the way. That's a great name for that. Most kids don't plot their friends,
folks. That should be your next company.
Now my new tour.
But it's also something we assume something happened, but it's not necessary.
Right. Because the first kid, the blue, his friends, I mean,
there had to be one guy somewhere in history. That was like,
I got an idea. Yeah.
Yeah. That looks like a valve.
Put everyone's Dick in my mouth and see how they feel about it.
Like people look, who's the first guy to Pierce his septum, right? Yeah.
Who's the first guy to tattoo his face. Who's the guy, who's the first guy to,
but.
We have her first. Well,
that one might've come simultaneously at two places at once.
You never know that might've been a couple of thoughts at the same time.